LAST WEEK, COHEN TOLD CONGRESS
THAT TRUMP ORDERED HIM TO
THREATEN HIS HIGH SCHOOL TO
NEVER RELEASE HIS GRADES.
WHAT COULD HE POSSIBLY BE
HIDING?
WE ALL ASSUME HE FAILED
EVERYTHING.
DID THEY INVENT AN EASY CLASS
FOR HIM, OR SOMETHING?
(AS TEACHER):
"OKAY, DONALD, WELCOME BACK TO
YOUR SPECIAL SCIENCE COURSE,
"ROCK OR NOT A ROCK."
(  LAUGHTER  )
TO RECAP OUR SYLLABUS SO FAR,IM
NOT A ROCK.
WELL, YESTERDAY, "THE WASHINGTON
POST" REPORTED MORE DETAILS
ABOUT HOW FAR TRUMP WENT TO MAKE
SURE HIS ACADEMIC RECORD STAYED
HIDDEN.
AT HIS HIGH SCHOOL-- THE NEW
YORK MILITARY ACADEMY.
YES, MILITARY.
EVIDENTLY, WHEN TRUMP WAS A
TEENAGER, HIS BONES HADN'T
SPURRED YET.
HE WAS A LATE SPURRER.
EIGHT YEARS AGO, THE HEADMASTER
AT THE ACADEMY WAS ORDERED TO
FIND TRUMP'S ACADEMIC RECORDS
AND HELP BURY THEM.
THAT WAY, IF A REPORTER TRIED TO
FIND OUT IF TRUMP EVER LEARNED
TO READ, WRITE, OR SPELL,
THERE WOULD BE NO "SMOCKING
GUN."
(  LAUGHTER  )
( APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
AND THE DEMAND CAME JUST DAYS
AFTER DONALD TRUMP CHALLENGED
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA TO "SHOW
HIS RECORDS" TO PROVE THAT HE
HADN'T BEEN A "TERRIBLE
STUDENT."
THIS HAPPENS OVER AND OVER
AGAIN: EVERYTHING TRUMP ACCUSES
OTHER PEOPLE OF, HE'S GUILTY OF
HIMSELF.
OH, MY GOD!
TRUMP WAS BORN IN
KENYA!
THAT'S THE ONLY ANSWER.
( APPLAUSE )
IT'S THE ONLY--
>> Jon: I DON'T KNOW.
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT THAT.
>> Stephen: APPARENTLY, TRUMP'S
FRIENDS WANTED THE SCHOOL
SUPERINTENDENT TO GIVE THEM
TRUMP'S RECORDS.
THE SUPERINTENDENT SAID NO BUT
HE MOVED THEM
ELSEWHERE ON CAMPUS AND NOW
DECLINES TO SAY WHERE HE HID
TRUMP'S RECORDS.
SO, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
SOMEWHERE OUT THERE, THIS TROVE
OF PRICELESS REPORT CARDS
AWAITS THE BOLD ADVENTURER.
WHO KNOWS WHAT TREASURES IT
MIGHT CONTAIN.
HIS S.A.T.s?
s HIS PERMANENT RECORD, MAYBE
EVEN HIS 10th  GRADE ESSAY: "WHO
I DID ON MY SUMMER VACATION!"
IT'S BEEN-- HOW LONG HAS IT
BEEN-- ONE WEEK SINCE HIS BIG
SUMMIT WITH
NORTH KOREAN DICTATOR AND
CLINICALLY DEPRESSED
PUDDING, KIM JONG-UN.
THE SUMMIT WAS A DUD.
THERE'S CONTROVERSY OVER WHETHER
IT WAS TRUMP OR KIM WHO WALKED
AWAY FROM THE DEAL.
THOUGH IT'S HARD TO IMAGINE
EITHER OF THESE MEN WALKING.
BUT DESPITE NOT GETTING ANY
CONCESSIONS FROM NORTH KOREA,
TRUMP IS STILL SET TO SCALE BACK
MILITARY EXERCISES WITH SOUTH
KOREA.
WE HAVEN'T SEEN NEGOTIATING
SKILLS LIKE THAT SINCE THE
TROJANS GOT A KILLER DEAL ON
THAT WOODEN HORSE.
(  LAUGHTER  )
" YOU'RE TELLING ME-- YOU'RE
TELLING ME--
( APPLAUSE )
THE HORSE IS FREE?
BUT IT'S SO BIG.
YOU COULD-- YOU COULD FIT A
ARMY IN THERE.
IT'S TOO BIG FOR THE GATES OF
THE CITY.
I GUESS WE'LL TEAR THE GATES
DOWN, I GUESS.
I DON'T KNOW.
FREE HORSE.
YOU DON'T WANT TO LOOK A--
(  LAUGHTER  )
YOU DON'T WANT TO LOOK A FREE
HORSE IN THE MOUTH.
IIS IT A MALE OR A FEMALE HORSE?
IT'S A MALE HORSE.
IT'S A MALE HORSE."
(  LAUGHTER  )
AND TRUMP IS CLEARLY-- THANK
YOU.
ANCIENT TROJAN CHARACTER.
THANK YOU.
I BELIEVE THAT'S THE OPENING
CHAPTER.
AND TRUMP IS CLEARLY BEING HAD
BY KIM, BECAUSE, DESPITE
ASSURANCES AT THE SUMMIT FROM
KIM JONG-UN, NEW SATELLITE
IMAGES SHOW THAT JUST DAYS AFTER
THE COLLAPSE OF THE SUMMIT,
NORTH KOREA WAS REBUILDING A
SATELLITE ROCKET LAUNCHPAD AND
ENGINE TEST SITE, INCLUDING A
RAIL-MOUNTED TRANSFER BUILDING,
TWO SUPPORT CRANES, AND WALLS
THAT ARE EVEN TALLER THAN THE
PREVIOUS STRUCTURE.
THAT'S EMBARRASSING FOR TRUMP.
KIM ACTUALLY BUILT A WALL.
BUT TODAY--
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
-- TODAY--
TODAY, TRUMP WAS ASKED ABOUT
NORTH KOREA'S CONTINUED NUCLEAR
ACTIVITY, AND HE TOOK A
WAIT-AND-SEE APPROACH.
>> IT'S TOO EARLY TO SEE, BUT WE
HAVE TO SOLVE OUR PROBLEM.
WE HAVE A VERY NASTY PROBLEM
THERE.
WE HAVE TO SOLVE THE PROBLEM.
THE RELATIONSHIP IS GOOD.
I WOULD BE VERY DISAPPOINTED IF
THAT WERE HAPPENING.
>> Stephen: DISAPPOINTED?
KIND OF A MILD APPROACH TO THE
SUBJECT OF NUCLEAR WAR.
"YOUNG MAN, I'M NOT ANGRY.
I AM DISAPPOINTED.
IF YOU BLAST AMERICA'S MAJOR
CITIES INTO ASH AND SHADOWS, NO
SCREEN TIME ON SUNDAY."
NOW, IT'S STILL UNCLEAR EXACTLY
WHEN KIM'S REBUILDING STARTED,
THOUGH SATELLITE IMAGERY
INDICATES THE WORK BEGAN
SOMETIME BETWEEN FEBRUARY 16th
AND MARCH 2nd.
SO ALL WE KNOW IS THAT THE NORTH
KOREAN BUILDERS SHOWED UP SOME
TIME DURING A TWO-WEEK WINDOW.
ARE BEING OPERATED BY COMCAST
TECH SUPPORT.
WE'VE GOT A GREAT SHOW FOR YOU
TONIGHT.